Add Saml metadata option (#6689)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/saas-apps.md

    * **Public key**

    ![Copy SSO settings for a SaaS application from the Zero Trust dashboard](/cloudflare-one/static/documentation/applications/saas-sso-endpoint.png)
    

>     Alternatively, if your SaaS application supports a metadata file upload. A metadata file is available at: <your-SSO-endpoint>/saml-metadata

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can either manually enter this data into your SaaS application or upload the application's metadata XML file. The metadata is available at the URL: `<your-SSO-endpoint>/saml-metadata`
```
